Hello, I'm in Destin. Welcome back to Smarter Every Day. Well, last week
I described the collective control of a helicopter, I described cyclical control
of a helicopter, and I also described the system that controls the pair.
But this week I'll mix everyone to describe something called a combination of collective / cyclical control.
It's pretty cool, and it's basically just like all helicopter pilots want,
including Carl in this case. The way I will describe it is preparing and
Teaching a high-speed video of Carl turning the helicopter and flying down the valley.
[rotor noise] You are practically focused, maybe a little less right here.
[rotor noise]
[rotor noise] This will be good.
It's pretty interesting, because if you think it's necessary
Use both the collective and the cyclical to turn around, put on top, and then return
to use negative group.
[music]
And then he balances it
over there all the time with the cyclic. You can see that it does not use at any time
one entry in particular. It is always a variation of the two. OK, yes yes
You just did not understand what happened, I asked Carl to do something else for us.
I asked him to put the camera on the back of the helicopter by focusing on the cyclic platter, and then
fly normally, so you can see the combination of collective and cyclical control, but there are a couple of things that
you have to remember At the top of the screen you will see the rotors, and at some point it will look like that
They are bending. Actually this does not happen, what you see is
Something called a blind effect. The second thing you will see is that it seems
the motor shaft accelerates and slows down a lot. This has to do with the pictures per second of the camera.
Is called aliasing If you want to know what aliases do, simply click on this square here
I will explain it to you in more detail.
[electronic sounds of the servomotor]
[music]
Okay, I received a pile of comments on these videos about a helicopter
You can really do this type of maneuver. And the answer is yes, and no.
Helicopters can do this if they are designed to do it, but the problem is that you are
limited by this meat controller that is in the seat. A human can only receive a certain amount of acceleration.
So, how extrapolate what you see in this helicopter radio control to a helicopter
real? Before launching the space shuttle into space they had to do a wind tunnel test
somehow, yes? Well, the thing is complicated, but there is something called similarity
and the similarity has to do with the geometric resemblance,
Kinetic and dynamic of a small object with an object
real size Engineers do this at all hours, especially aerospace engineers.
Anyway, go to the Wikipedia link that I will post below and read about the similarity
so you can understand it. I'll tell you that. It has to do with the mechanics of the continuous media,
that is by far the most difficult subject I have done in my life. So if you want to know it
There is a city in Florida called Destin, and the store of savings for me is the place
that's more spring on the planet. Anyway, the video next week will leave you perplexed.
It's very complicated, but really interesting, so
If you can understand this you are doing it pretty well, but it caught me very much.
You will find a lot, too. Have a good time, and make yourself smarter every day.
[Andrew Jackson Transcription: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)
Subtitles in different languages ​​are welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help.